okay
um have a nice day i'll see you later
wait wait
are you going to be home for dinner uh
no i'm going out with sam
tonight sam who's sam sam's my friend oh
is sam mantha pretty
no uh his name is samuel and he isn't
pretty
do i know him uh i don't think so
oh well what does he do
sam's a sculpture student at school and
where does he live
he lives in notting hill ladbroke grove
and where are you going tonight uh we're
going to the pub
okay does sam have a car
yes he does will he be driving tonight
no he isn't i'm taking my car
well please be careful
of course i will i'll see you later
bye elena bye
he's the youngest in our family i
understand
you're a good sister cool thank you
you're very sweet
um where can i buy a coat i know
all the best shops i i can't spend a lot
of money
how much is a coat don't worry about the
price we will find you a
lovely coat i'm an experienced shopper
i'm very grateful to you for your help
sweet girl now tell me what size are you
um i am a size 40.
okay i think that's a 12 here
i need a black coat in um
in wool yes yes and what about
shoes what size shoe do you wear
i wear a size 38
i think that's a uk size five
but i don't need shoes oh
every woman needs shoes lots of them
lots of them now i'll call betty
betty my sister she will want to come
too
oh good it would be nice to meet your
sister
does she look like you oh goodness no no
betty has blonde curly hair
and dark eyes
here we go betty hi sweetheart
well we have an emergency my spanish
friend
elena she needs a new
coat come over quickly
okay see you she'll be right
over
i'm exhausted me too
shopping is a big job yes it is
shopping is very hard work
would you like a cup of tea um can i
have a cup of coffee please coffee
oh dear i still haven't bought any
coffee yet
oh it's okay tea is fine okay
oh try on your new things for me oh
okay
[Music]
hello hello who is this
chong yes this is agatha johnson
elena
on please i'll call her
elena telephone
hello
yes it is very nice here
uh you're back in london
uh-huh yes on saturday night
okay okay bye
bye
who is that oh john
he's back in london he's staying in
king's cross
oh is he your boyfriend
who chan no he's my classmate
oh how delightful
uh i think we will go to see a film on
saturday night
oh that will be very nice for you
how old is chong he's 25
is he married no he's married does he
have any children
no he isn't married oh right of course
you did say he is single
oh come on i want a fashion show
look at that gorgeous coat
is it too small too fluffy
it's perfect are the shoes too
high no no they're perfect
is the dress too low no too tight
no darling you look fantastic
thank you my goodness
is that you elena hello what are you
doing home
um sam isn't well he has a cold oh
i'm sorry let's get something
delicious for dinner huh takeaway
yes fish and chips
elena has a big date next saturday
oh really um i'm meeting my classmate
yes her classmate chong is in london
does he look like bruce lee john no not
really
well victor why don't you go along with
them
yes you can come too oh i can't sorry
i'm
going away for the weekend you are i am
where are you going i'm going to boulon
uh where is boulogne it's in france on
the west coast
oh who are you going with i'm going with
my classmates
harry and john and sam if he's better
when are you leaving we're flying friday
night
oh that would be nice and where will you
be staying
in a hotel no uh harry's mother has a
house there
huh well i hope you have a good time
thank you agatha i'm sure we will when
are you coming back
we're coming back on sunday afternoon
marvelous
i just had another great idea what is it
well why don't you bring elena along too
she can still get a cheap ticket oh but
it's impossible yes impossible
why is it impossible you'll have a
lovely time
lots of fun i i have to work on saturday
and i'm meeting jon too
oh that's right
trat i forgot what a pity yes
sorry a lady oh oh it's okay well
maybe next time you
are going to look spectacular
on saturday huh just
spectacular thank you
oh victor can you buy me some of that
lovely brie
in belong there's this enormous
market there of course
anything else well actually
i won't have much time for shopping what
else
are you going to do there we're going to
see some buildings
and galleries and if the weather's nice
i'm going to do some drawing
oh i want to see your drawings oh uh
sure i can show you the ones from school
today oh
tomorrow please i'm very tired now oh
sweetheart go and get some rest
it's a big day tomorrow yes if you like
i can take you to school in the morning
oh thank you that is very kind
okay bye
don't you say anything hello
hello harry it's harry
hello sweetheart good night agatha
repair tea cup
repair air air
air hello darling what about the air
um uh air airline
airplane oh these are new words you're
learning at school
uh yes we're learning words about
travel ah that's useful
are your teachers nice yes they're very
nice splendid
what are you doing um practicing
um the airplane
you're pretending to be i'm pretending
to be on a
airplane oh that sounds like fun
can i pretend to uh please my teachers
want me to practice
okay well i can be
the glamorous lady at the check-in desk
you be the customer okay
next stand here
can i have your ticket please here it is
and your passport here's my passport
thank you do you have any bags to check
in
uh i have this bag that can go with you
on board
as a carry-on okay carry on
now darling do you prefer the window or
aisle
um sorry your seat the
aisle or window oh
um i'd like the window seat please
all right here's your boarding pass
you will be boarding at 10 20
gate 11. have a nice trip thank you
good girl very good thank you where is
your trip to
um los angeles well
then i must be the customs officer
um customs when you arrive in los
angeles they check
your passport oh yes yes so
i'm the gorgeous customs
officer you're the traveler
name please elena fuentes can you spell
that
f-u-e-n-t-e-s
what's the purpose of your visit
business or pleasure
uh pleasure i'm here on holiday how long
are you staying
six weeks
and where are you staying i always stay
with
brad pitt of course
you ready okay i have not
played the spectacularly beautiful air
hostess
good afternoon welcome to johnson
airways
what's your ticket number madam my
seat's 24 d
right this way please
is this your bag yes it is please place
it
under your seat or stow it in the
overhead locker
now fasten your seat belts
can i be the passenger of course
excuse me yes madam my headset doesn't
work
oh have you got a newspaper
excuse me can i have another glass of
champagne
can i see the duty-free catalog
there it is how much is that in
euro sorry can you speak more slowly
i'm tired traveling is tiring
let's check you into your hotel okay
good evening welcome to the johnson
hotel
good evening i have a booking for
tonight
under what name madam fuentes no
pete may i see your passport please
here it is thank you madam
here is your room key your room number
is
217 on the second floor
thank you what time tomorrow checkout
is at 12 noon
i'd like a wake-up call at 8 30 please
breakfast is from 7 to 9.
thank you good evening
the tv doesn't work oh do you have a map
uh the window does not open enough
well done thank you
now let's get some supper
um is that britannia a restoration shop
can you repair a ceramic vase
oh thank you
what is your shop
could you say that again
19 a britannia street
near king's cross uh
i'm sorry what does tube mean
oh the train the underground
yes no
could you say that again
between king's cross road
and grazing road
thank you very much um wait hello
yes what time do you close
oh dear six thank you goodbye
i have to go there before my shift
hello hello tan
yes i'm looking forward to tonight
uh where do you want to meet
queen's way uh what time
that's okay i will come from work
i finish at seven yes
uh how do i get there okay i'll see you
later
bye bye you sound happy this morning
oh yes good morning oh can i have a cup
too
yes of course are you going to meet
chong tonight yes uh we arranged to meet
a restaurant
in queensway do you know how to get
there
i'm afraid of the underground uh does
the bus go there
yes you can catch the 928
going towards golders green
and then at notting hill gate
take the 94 bus towards piccadilly and
you want that sounds very difficult
are you coming home after work uh no
i'll go
directly from work i think
you should come here and i will help you
get dressed
and it won't take long from here we're
meeting at 8 30.
then take a cab a cab
a mini cab
a taxi oh a taxi
taxi do you think victor's having a good
time in brussels
balloon oh yes i'm sure he is
baloney yes i adore
everything french harold and i have such
fond memories of paris
i would like to go to paris oh you will
maybe soon for your honeymoon you know
victor
speaks fluent french i need to find the
right man
well don't look too far
okay i'm going to get dressed
bye bye bye
honey i miss you i really want to see
you
i miss you and want to meet you too
do you want to have lunch with me of
course i do
what do you want to eat i want to eat
chinese food
which restaurant do you want to eat how
about the chinese restaurant on mary
street
good idea when do you want to meet
what about tomorrow okay
what time i wanna meet
at 11 o'clock is it okay
that's fine for me see you then okay
see you now look at the conversation
again with the pronunciation
honey okay you know this one that
honey i miss you mishu
okay uh if s and y go together you can
pronounce them like shh okay just like
sh
shoe shirt okay i miss you
i miss you or you can say i miss you
okay both is okay
i miss you i really want to see you
really really want to see you i really
want to see you
honey i miss you i really want to see
you
i miss you and wanna meet you too
i miss you i miss you and wanna meet you
remember t and y go together we
pronounce them like
ch okay so meet you wanna meet you too
i miss you and wanna meet you too i miss
you and wanna meet you too
do you wanna do you wonder you're
familiar with this one right
uh do you wanna have lunch
remember see i ch have lunch
do you want to have lunch with me
with me with me have
lunch with me have lunch with me
some people when they speak english
quickly they just say have lung with me
okay um let us do okay but
not correct pronunciation have lunch
have lunch with me lunch with me
have lunch with me do you want to have
lunch with me
of course i do or course and
calls and i link together course that
of course i do of course they do what do
you want to eat
of course they do what do you want to
eat what do you want to eat of course i
do
why do you want to eat i want to eat
chinese food
i want to eat i want to eat chinese food
i want to eat
chinese food which remember ch
again which which rests remember as
restaurant this one you can say
restaurant rest remember as
restaurant or you can say rest
rest restaurant restaurant
restaurant which restaurant i know it's
not easy but try okay
which which restaurant
which restaurant do you want to eat
do you want to eat which which
restaurant
which restaurant do you want to eat how
about
that means that's my suggestions that's
what i want how about
the chinese restaurant on mary street
that means like what do you think about
the chinese restaurant on mary street do
you like that too
how about the chinese restaurant on mary
street
remember straw street mary street
if you talk about street before the
street you add
the preposition on okay on mary street
the chinese restaurant
the the chinese restaurant on mary
street
how about the chinese restaurant on mary
street how about the chinese restaurant
on mary street
good idea link to get a good eye good
idea
when do you want to meet when do you
want to meet
when do you want to meet good idea when
do you want to meet
what about a guy like them together too
what
uh what about what about tomorrow what
about tomorrow
okay what time okay what time lucy what
time
let's say what time or what thai thai
okay
i um i'm time
what time what time okay what time
um i want to meet midday remember t and
a together consonant hour midday
i want to meet at 11 11
11 o'clock remember this is
club don't say a lot
a lot a clock okay
o'clock 11 o'clock eleven o'clock
i wanna meet at eleven o'clock i wanna
meet at eleven o'clock
eleven o'clock is it okay is it
is it okay i wanna meet at i wanna meet
at eleven o'clock i wanna meet at 11
o'clock is it okay
that's fine for me that means i'm okay
with that
that's fine for me see you then
see you then see you then that means
then
then hear that mean like that means like
the time we talk about
is 11 o'clock tomorrow okay so that is
then see you then see you then
okay see you you can say see you or
in short form you can say see ya okay
see ya
okay how how old is your niece
okay anyone here how old is your niece
how old is your son-in-law
how how old is your cousin how old is
your nephew
okay she's
that is if that is a girl a woman if
that is
a boy or a man we have to say
he okay she's 10 years
old you can say she's 10. that is still
okay
she's 10 or she's 10 years old
okay any any age is here she's 10 she's
20 she's five does your
father-in-law like dancing you you're
asking about
uh your relative's hobby okay there's
your
father-in-law like dancing you can say
there's your mother-in-law
does your grandparents like
dancing swimming singing playing golf
playing tennis okay
if that is yes you say yes he does
and you can add some more information
he's very good at dancing
okay and if that is not you say no he
doesn't
and you can ask information that he
likes
other hobbies okay so that is he likes
women
that means like he doesn't like dancing
but he likes women
uh how many cousins
do you have how many cousins do you have
how many
nieces do you have how many nephews do
you have
okay i have five cousins okay i have
three cousins something like that for
high and height how high is this
building
we are about the same height for popular
and popularity taylor swift
is a popular singer her new song has
gained in popularity
for sign signature and signal
please cite your name here could i have
your signature could i have your
signature
when you see my signal run
for machine and mechanic
she wants to buy a washing machine
he works as a car mechanic
and for
photographs photograph photographer
and photography they took
lots of photographs there our dad
is a photographer and i
like to study photography
half behaves i have three pens
and five pencils we love
the way she behaves we love the way she
behaves
table comfortable they
they need to buy a new table they need
to buy a new table
the silver is really comfortable
my mom's keen on reading books
my mom's kind of reading books i have
just read your email
i have just read your email are you
ready to go
are you ready to go what sort
what sort of music do you like what sort
of music do you like
i want to stay in a seaside resort
i want to stay in a seaside resort your
sister
sorry face facebook and
surface your sister has a beautiful face
your sister has a beautiful face sis
remember
sister do you use facebook
do you use facebook look at the road
surface
look at the road surface